docs(operator): refactor Operator content (#449)
armory/docs: content/en/docs/armory-admin/Secrets/secrets-vault.md

    --auth-method TOKEN \
    --url <Vault server URL>:<port if required>
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

## Configuring the Operator to use Vault secrets

> If you are using the Spinnaker Operator, set up a custom Halyard configuration per [this section]({{< ref "armory-operator#custom-halyard-configuration" >}}) with this content:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the Spinnaker Operator, set up a [custom Halyard configuration]({{< ref "op-hal-config" >}}) with this content:
```

> If you are using the Spinnaker Operator, set up a custom Halyard configuration per [this section]({{< ref "armory-operator#custom-halyard-configuration" >}}) with this content:

Reviewer 2: This should be Armory Operator, right? Vault secrets is proprietary.

Author: Yep - all I did was update the link, not actually read the content surrounding the link...
